README.md, before:

# TweeFly
A setup tool for interactive stories writte in Twee.

### Implemented:
- Display stats in sidebar vs display stats link in sidebar
- Display inventory in sidebar vs display inventory link in sidebar
- Display cloth in sidebar vs display cloth link in sidebar
- Bug: Add Items to Shop Combobox
- Add "description" to item and cloth
- Add "description" to jobs
- Added opening hours to shops
- Added "iswornatbeginning"
- Replace label edit fields from tabs and add to localization
- Replace skill1,2,3 edit fields from taby by localization
- Added "say" macro to characters

### TODO:
- GUI
	- Remove "mayOwnMultiple" for cloth
	- Add number, string, bool to skill1-3
	- Add configuration tab
	
- Macros:
	- setNextDay with hours as parameter
	- When using addItem then show a text if wanted.
	- Display boolean values as images.
	- Place image first, in each table.
	- Activate/Deactivate menus and links in sidebar (e.g. to inventory)

- Example project
	- Add "_" to all variables used by the scripts
	- Add macros to each
	
- Bugs:
	- Tooltips for cloth
	- has_seen_room: use isdef

Commit message:

Integrated free in pro edition.

README.md, after:

# TweeFly
A setup tool for interactive stories writte in Twee.

### Implemented:
- Display stats in sidebar vs display stats link in sidebar
- Display inventory in sidebar vs display inventory link in sidebar
- Display cloth in sidebar vs display cloth link in sidebar
- Bug: Add Items to Shop Combobox
- Add "description" to item and cloth
- Add "description" to jobs
- Added opening hours to shops
- Added "iswornatbeginning"
- Replace label edit fields from tabs and add to localization
- Replace skill1,2,3 edit fields from taby by localization
- Added "say" macro to characters

### TODO:
- GUI
	- Remove "mayOwnMultiple" for cloth
	- Add number, string, bool to skill1-3
	
- Macros:
	- setNextDay with hours as parameter
	- When using addItem then show a text if wanted.
	- Display boolean values as images.
	- Place image first, in each table.
	- Activate/Deactivate menus and links in sidebar (e.g. to inventory)
	- Add "created with tweefly" to free edition projects.

- Example project
	- Add "_" to all variables used by the scripts
	- Add macros to each
	
- Bugs:
	- Tooltips for cloth
	- has_seen_room: use isdef
